fight for heavyweight belt in his
American hometown of Chicago and still
still we're getting Andrew Golota on a
pay-per-view pair drivers running rather
say this but not whole fights but
moments in his career when he looked
like maybe the best heavyweight in the
world there have been moments in within
his height and less basic when Tyson
person hard right hand
follows in trouble
originally from Warsaw of course a lot
of
see here you're seeing a lot of opening
up a hole with his jab and sugar right
in right through to some and allene you
never know what can happen in a lot of
fighters I said
philosopher is broken by him so you can
never tell with Galan Michael grant beat
him by throwing one but after being out
fought constantly for nine runs you know
there's the matter even though he may be
slow he's
one thyristor you know you seem to have
a lot of heavy
shot tuturro
see if Malo can get in something else
upstairs by focusing on the body and
bringing the Lotta's hands down now
Ilana and in that way he's an
interesting witness best
by caste under coladas are as if to say
okay things are going better now low
blow from a-z because colada in that
fight the second part right hand
McDonald fight zebrawood granny just
tells the referee I quit here ever seen
your candy said I'm going with Tyson
here you'll see the right hand but I
don't know if this is the one that
really caused the damage but it seems
like that's the one that should have did
it nothing was wrong with two hour
before they punch landed
no puns no puns yeah Jim it rats 2 & 3
never gonna look real good eeeh where
can we throw a lot of punches and all of
a sudden you start over right now little
words grab a hold and just like to see
now by trounce Malo still learning
true galata and mike mallow is going to
have to find a second wind
to carry him
you've seen in the ring since Vitaly
Klitchko against that a clueless a few
years ago
and somehow he thought is one fight he
silly him he thought it was an athletic
competition
Vitali Klitschko needed to acclimate
himself
culture of this country what we expect
and his feelings were hurt and they were
hurt enough that when he got into the
same situation against Linux he simply
wasn't gonna back
Barlow's hurt right here and tired his
time Raven Gallardo has no really
courtship element exists exhausting
a lot of Malo with a couple right here
otherwise he'd have been on the canvas
Galata could just take a half a step
back and go forward again
sausage
and marwah still throwing punches out on
speech left hand left hook on the right
right food asana between the gloves
you know ostensively here for a
heavyweight title dum
not to mention how many of us would go
in and take punch with our I looking
house
it's going to be an advance to win the
fight unless he himself can find a way
to knock out developer
is there any reason to stop this fight
all to the winner by unanimous decision
now unified champion Andrew